Hello everyone and welcome to the S-sh with Mac and Linux lecture.
You can go ahead and skip this lecture if you're on Windows from the previous lecture you should have
already connected to your instance.
This is only for Linux and Mac users who only watch the first half of the previous lecture.
We've already created our SC to instance using the AWOS console.
You should have also already downloaded that Doppie M-file.
Now what we're going to do is connect to our instance through our terminal using the secure shell.
Make sure you can locate your PM file.
I would recommend that you relocate it from wherever you saved to your desktop so you can follow exactly
along what I'm doing and also make sure you have the DNS address your easy to instance and I'll review
how you can get that then you're going to check the resource link for the step by step instructions
from Amazon.
In case you actually want a written guide for everything that we're about to do but everything we're
about to do is actually quite simple it's just basically one or two lines of code.
Let's go ahead and get started by opening our terminal.
I'm going to go ahead and hop to that now.
OK.
Here I am at my desktop.
I'm going to go ahead and grab my terminal by just doing a spotlight search for a terminal and then
hit enter.
You should get something that looks like this.
And then the first thing you need to do is to use the S.H. Maat command to make sure our private key
file isn't publicly viewable.
I went ahead and saved it to my desktop right here.
Jupiter 13:00.
Yours might be called news sparked up sparked up PM whatever you happen to call it.
First thing to do is actually change directory to the desktop.
All right CD space desktop hit enter and then I'm going to write See H M O D.
Change my code and then 400 space and then my key which is Jupiter 1 p.m..
Yours may be sparked up my spark.
News spark whatever every happen to save it.
And then enter here and you should get no output.
Just a clean line.
And that means it worked then what we're going to go ahead and do is use the S-sh command to connect
to our instance going to go ahead and type in S-sh space dash.
I and then Taipan Jupiter 1 p.m. or whatever your PM file is and then you're going to go ahead and make
sure that you put in the DNS.
Now let me go in to remind you how you can grab the DNS of your instance.
Go ahead and go to your AWOS console.
I'm going to jump to it now.
OK here I am at my AWOS console in order to find your public DNS.
You can just go scroll down a little bit you should find the here it should look something like this
to a bunch of numbers and then a location and then compute amazon.de WS.
Go ahead and make sure you copy this and then move back to your terminal.
I'm going to jump to the terminal now.
All right.
Back to my terminal I'm going to write Ubuntu apps and then I'm going to paste.
Right click paste that entire path that DNS right now S-sh space dash space 21:00 file whatever that
namespace Xubuntu at my DNS address hit enter.
You'll get a warning here it says authenticity.
Are you sure you want to continue.
Go ahead and type in yes hit enter again.
And you should be logged in you should get something that looks like this.
At the bottom it should say Ubuntu at some sort of IP address.
You can go ahead and clear this and right now what you're looking at is the command line interface to
your E.C to instance you're running right now through the command line.
A virtual connection to that computer that AC to instance and you can check everything's working and
you can actually just run Python on this and it should work.
You probably won't get this Anaconda's yet we still need to install that actually install it before
you film this video.
But you should be able to at least get the built in Python 2.7 on Ubuntu.
You can print something like Hello run it and it should work.
You can go out and quit out of this.
All right.
So that's all you need to do in order to continue onto the next video in the next video.
You're going to be using this command line interface to actually download everything we need to run
Sparc and Jubran notebook on an easy to Mansons and that includes stuff like Java Skala Hadoop Sparc
the Jupiter notebook's system Anaconda and more.
We're going to teach Hadad everything step by step and the next video.
But as far as this video and the S-sh you're done it's a really easy process on Mac and Linux computers.
You just use the change of command S.H. Ma'at 400 and then put in your PM file and then you just going
to say S-sh space dash I your PM file and Ubuntu at your DNS and that's all you have to do.
OK.
Feel free to post any questions to the Cuneta forums.
But other than that I will see at the next lecture.
Thanks everyone.